Final SEO updates (#1546)
pulumi/docs: content/blog/upcoming-aws-pulumi-webinar-on-feb-5/index.md

authors: ["erin-xue"]
tags: ["AWS","CI/CD","Cloud-Native"]
date: "2019-01-09"

> meta_desc: "In February, Pulumi hosted a webinar with AWS Fargate which covered how to implement cloud native infrastructure across your organization using AWS and Pulumi. We were joined by a customer, Learning Machine. Adopting Pulumi helped Learning Machine reduce 25,000 lines of ad-hoc DevOps scripts to 500 lines of JavaScript code, improve time to ship code, provision, and onboard new customers, and unify their Development and DevOps teams and techniques."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meta_desc: "In February, Pulumi hosted a webinar with AWS Fargate which covered how to implement cloud native infrastructure across your organization using AWS and Pulumi. We were joined by a customer, Learning Machine. Adopting Pulumi helped Learning Machine reduce 25,000 lines of ad-hoc DevOps scripts to 500 lines of JavaScript code, improved time to ship code, provision and on-board new customers, and unify their Development and DevOps teams and techniques."
```
